you're having fun a start I hasta hasta
crickmore or the Strickland's GMC pickup
away I've the windows here
three points teasers laughing for mac
merchandising sprinkler gloves goes
right here right now
oh nice try officer for me
one
race
troubles for the 67 i first ran a car
will not fire looks like you'll head to
the beer
I'm
my ex lights on the slack merchandising
straight cars little heaven above try
sounds of beautiful America's wearing it
on the life
I will struggle
yeah sure
why are you keep you guys back
here stop just the inside back stretch
Sarah
again that's why we asked everyone just
stay away from the fence see there is
one fence post that hasn't been
when I made the exact selfie out of the
car backing under his own power that
company absolument stores you can
imagine that kind of a country and a
major major accident down the last you
hear
still a teen moms feel in this one
zombie machine now he didn't
melt down into the pit area
50 50 tickets go on sale and we will
draw the winning number at the end of
the Thunder shock feature will draw that
from here in the tower the winner will
be asked a couple the tower to claim
their prize
no messing the Canadian sprinkler
Nationals coming up very soon demir
eighteenth and nineteenth starting with
were tomorrow night before the
Nashville's
two drivers will lock themselves into
the field for saturday night and on
Saturday night September the 19th it is
the 11th annual Canadians for
international practice arrow Express
twelve thousand dollars to the winner
and we will see anywhere from sixty plus
rent cars here on the grounds for that
night biggest race of the year the
Canadian sprinkles brought to blind or
Express you see they crew down there
showing some interest on the fence on
the backstretch there's been little
spread out me back there
so they are surveying the situation on
the backstretch
girl